# Managebaker Reddit Post First Draft

time: 2019/5/26
written: Felix, Edited: Serene

===

## HOOK (for everyone)

Each IB student is an adventurer, people might say, because they never know that weird things might suck up their life tomorrow, which might include:

- Your instructor adds a deadline at 9 PM on Managebac, asking submission next morning.
[photo]
- You don’t know how much to fight for in the final, in order to secure a 7.
[photo / 表情包]
- The teacher uploads 10 files for an assignment and you must click 50 times only to download them. That drives you crazy.
[动图疯狂状]

If you are struggling on IB program, and your school is using Managebac, then we’ve brought you good news! As 4 IB students in Shanghai China, we developed a useful tool and want to share it with you.

[Logo & Link to Chrome Store]
[Developer's Portrait to enhance trustability]

## INTRO (for relevant users)

Managebaker will bake your troublemaker Managebac into a piece of cake.

In a nutshell, Managebaker helps you…

- estimate your final and predicted grades, 
- track your assignment completion, 
- download a bunch of attachments with one click,
- customize your Managebac theme,
- and so on.

Also, as a non-profit CAS project, it’s completely free and safe to install. You can directly get it with one click from Chrome Extension Market.

## MAKE THEM INSTALL 1

Why wait? Install your Managebaker now, and solve your problem. It bakes your Managebac so well that it works perfectly for you.
[Logo & Link to Chrome Store]

## EXPLANATION GRADE CHART

One of the key features of Managebaker, is that it helps you to see your average score anytime, to know how are you actually doing and what you should aim for the exam. When you click into the assignment page, the Grade Chart automatically appears. You can just move your mouse onto these cute circles representing each category.

[screenshot]
See, my DT score is 78% now, so I’d better aim for an 85% in my final in order to secure a 7.
[Quote from QD student] I think Managebaker has built my habit to constantly being noticed about my status of learning. By knowing my performance better, I can schedule my revisions in the most efficient way.

[Chart] Grade Chart helps. A survey in our school shows that students who actively focus on their Managebaker-calculated average grades do 12% better in all their subjects. For more detail, see here.

## MAKE THEM INSTALL 2

GET MANAGEBAKER NOW from Chrome store. If you are not sure, see this tutorial in our official forum.
[Logo & Link to Chrome Store]

## EXPLANATION TODO-LIST

To-do list feature is also a lifesaver. I used to forget my assignments. After starting using Managebaker, that happens no more.

Now, beside each assignment in my Managebac, there’s a cute checkbox beside it. After I finish the work, I can just tick it with a simple click.

[screenshot]
If I want to check if there’s still anything unfinished, I simply click the Managebaker icon on the top-right cornor of my browser (looks like a pie), and see what happens! A list will pop out with all unfinished assignments, with highlighted color for passed deadlines.
[screenshot]

[QUOTE] I used to double-check my dashboard 3 times everyday before sleeping, just to make sure I’ve finished everything. Installing Managebaker condensed that to only one click. Now I thank god that I can sleep 5 more minutes each day!

## MAKE INSTALL 3

Turn your Managebac to a TO-DO List by getting MANAGEBAKER NOW from Chrome store. If you are not sure, see this tutorial in our official forum.
[Logo & Link to Chrome Store]

## EXPLANATION ONE-CLICK DOWNLOAD

From now on, regardless how many attachment there is, downloading is one click.
A zip nicely contain all attachments, dropbox files and assignment description will be generated by Managebaker, and you only need to download this single file and open it.
[screenshot]
Our user survey shows that most users find this features extremely time-saving when confronting some mad teachers who put 10 attachments on single assignments.

## FUTURE FEATURES

Here’s several amazing features that we will consider developing in future:
Customizable theme. Yes, we are building a SKIN MARKET for Managebac. Want a marvel logo on your dashboard? Want a firework celebration upon completion of your IA? Look for Managebaker!

- File sync for classes. Directly sync the files for any class to your dropbox / google drive directory, or local PC. No longer need to wait for download in class.

- Community Peak. Join an anonymous statistic to show how other IB fellows do in global. See how scores and markbands deviate between countries, regions, schools or classes.

- Criteria Mark. Allow teachers to score your paper according to several criteria. Provide by-criterion analysis for both students and teachers to help them work on what’s most important.

To suggest more ideas, simply write a post on our forum! It’s simple!

## MAKE INSTALL 4

If you read till here and find it interesting, you should really consider trying out Managebaker. It just takes one click and will never regret you. Get MANAGEBAKER NOW from Chrome store. If you are not sure, see this tutorial in our official forum.

## MORE INFORMATION / QA

Will my data lose if I change a PC?
- NO. We have an auto-sync feature that anomnously sync your data between devices.
Can I redo or reset my Managebaker status?
- Sure. We provide a convenient reset / restore data button in the options page. After clicking on it, just confirm the timestamp that you want to recover to, and wait for several seconds!
Is my data SAFE?
- Absolutely. We only collect a little identification information, and encoded assignment data. All transmission utilizes HTTPS and SSL encryption, with identification information MD5 encrypted. (You can click on them to know more) A hacker will NOT be able to know anyting about you, even if he duplicates our entire database, as long as he doesn’t debunk Managebac official. You can check our privicy policy here.
How about other browsers?
- We only support Chrome and new Chromium MS Edge. We will develop compatability for other browsers when we have more time, and you should follow up our development progress on our official forum. If you want to join the development, please contact us now. We are more than happy to have helping hands.
Will you put ads on it?
- Not planning to. Currently the operation cost is voluntarily paid by developers. In the future, we might consider some ads just to maintain the operation cost. But we will absolutely put your experience at the FIRST PLACE.
How to support / Join Managebaker development?
- E-mail us.
- Like / Sponsor us on Github.
- Visit our official forum.

## Declaration of Copyright

Managebaker is an interllectual property of Managebaker developers. It’s dedicated for educational, non-profit use. We make it an open-source software to welcome contributions and discussions, allowing partial reuse of our source code in personal, non-profit projects. However, we don’t allow any unauthorized redistribution of the source code on same or other platforms, by any individuals or organizations, no matter in profit or non-profit means. Violation of this declaration may subject to legal issues.